ticdc: update ticdc docs (#15046)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

    - In this scenario, TiCDC saves the task information. Because TiCDC has set the service GC safepoint in PD, the data after the task checkpoint is not cleaned by TiKV GC within the valid period of `gc-ttl`.

    - Handling method: You can resume the replication task by executing `cdc cli changefeed resume` after the downstream is back to normal.

- Replication cannot continue because of incompatible SQL statement(s) in the downstream.

    - In this scenario, TiCDC saves the task information. Because TiCDC has set the service GC safepoint in PD, the data after the task checkpoint is not cleaned by TiKV GC within the valid period of `gc-ttl`.
    - Handling procedures:
        1. Query the status information of the replication task using the `cdc cli changefeed query` command and record the value of `checkpoint-ts`.
        2. Use the new task configuration file and add the `ignore-txn-start-ts` parameter to skip the transaction corresponding to the specified `start-ts`.
        3. Pause the replication task by executing `cdc cli changefeed pause -c <changefeed-id>`.

>         4. Specify the new task configuration file with `cdc cli changefeed update -c <changefeed-id> --config <config-file-path>`.

Author: ```suggestion
        4. Specify the new task configuration file by executing `cdc cli changefeed update -c <changefeed-id> --config <config-file-path>`.
```
